Create manual_test_rule_template (#1979)
auto-wcag/auto-wcag: pages/design/manual-template-empty.md

    failed: not satisfied
    passed: satisfied | further testing needed
    inapplicable: satisfied | further testing needed
  wcag-technique:Xxx: # <Technique title>
    forConformance: false
    failed: not satisfied
    passed: satisfied | further testing needed
    inapplicable: satisfied | further testing needed
  using-aria:anchor-name: # <Heading in Using ARIA>
    title: Title to display
    forConformance: false
    failed: not satisfied
    passed: satisfied | further testing needed
    inapplicable: satisfied | further testing needed
input_aspects:
  -  # (e.g. HTTP Messages, DOM Tree, CSS Styling, Accessibility Tree, Language, etc.,)
acknowledgments:
  authors:
    -  # (full names as found in `contributors` property in `package.json` - if not yet listed, please have authors added to the list)
  previous_authors:
    -  # (full names as found in `contributors` property in `package.json` - if not yet listed, please have authors added to the list)
---
This is the template for the manual test rules. It matches the automation rules but there are parts that can be completed with help from other community members (like adding examples of code).

> For the starting section, and examples, complete what you feel comfortable with and then ask for help via emails to the chairs of the ACT Task Force and Community Group. Delete these instructions after the --- and before "id:" (delete rows 38-41).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the starting section, and examples, complete what you feel comfortable with and then ask for help via emails to the chairs of the ACT Task Force and Community Group. Delete these instructions after the --- and before "## Applicability" (delete rows 38-42).
```
